Updating docs to point to the developer console (#50)
jpchase/ExperimentalFramework: available-trials.md

# Current Experimental Features

> This has moved to [the developer console](https://developers.chrome.com/origintrials/#/trials/active).

Reviewer: I think this should keep a link to the explainer (similar to ship-as-trial.md).

```suggestion
_For the full context on origin trials, please see the [explainer](explainer.md)._

Visit the [developer console](https://developers.chrome.com/origintrials/#/trials/active) to sign up to try out any of the current features.
```
